ADA - Programming Test 1.

Mark 2:
In a grid of size NxM there are nests. Each grid-point has a nest (therefore NxM nests are given).
In spring new-born birds (nestlings) will appear in each nest.
Write a generic function Count which counts how many nestlings are in a grid,
i.e.sums the new-born bird population in the grid.

The generic parameters are:
- an index type.
- the Grid represented as a matrix of size NxM with the above index and of natural elements.
The parameter of the Count function is a Grid, which provides new-born birds in each of the NxM nests (natural values).
The function should return the global (sum) number of new birds' population.
In a demo use a grid of 10x10, initialize it, and print the above global value.

Mark 3:
Write a generic function More_Than which decides if there are more then a given Max value new birds in a grid! 
If you reached the Max limit you can stop counting.
The generic parameters are like for the Count.
The More_Than function has a Grid parameter, and the Max natural value, and returns the answer to the above question.
In a demo use a grid of 10x10, initialize it, and print the answer.

Mark 4:
Write a generic function Count_Value which is similar to the Count one.
The generic parameters are:
- an element and an index type.
- the Grid represented as a matrix of size NxM with the above index and element types.
- a Predicate functor with an element type input and logical return value, and it decides if a nest has the given property.
The Count_Value function has a Grid parameter and decides how many nests are with the given Predicate property.
In a demo use a grid of 10x10, initialize it, and print how many nests have more then 3 new born birds.

Mark 5:
Write a Migrate generic procedure, which if a nest has more then Max birds, then it tries placing all the birds above 
the Max value in north, south, left right neighbor nests. 
Make local rearrangings, the birds that have no place in neighbor nests will fly away (no action needs to be taken).
The generic parameters are: the index type and the Grid type. The procedure has a Grid and a Max parameter.
In a demo migrate the birds of a grid of 10x10, and print the new grid.